[[0, 'Now in its Fourth Edition, Visual Methodologies: An Introduction to Researching with Visual Materials is a bestselling critical guide to the study and analysis of visual culture. Existing chapters have been fully updated to offer a rigorous examination and demonstration of an '], [1, 'There has been no shortage of calls for “reinventing” or “reimagining” Canadian foreign aid to respond to the litany of problems that emerged over the forty-five-year lifespan of the Canadian International Development Agency (CIDA), including excessive bureaucracy, slow '], [2, 'Millions of people around the world today spend portions of their lives in online virtual worlds. Second Life is one of the largest of these virtual worlds. The residents of Second Life create communities, buy property and build homes, go to concerts, meet in bars, attend '], [3, 'The Audible Past explores the cultural origins of sound reproduction. It describes a distinctive sound culture that gave birth to the sound recording and the transmission devices so ubiquitous in modern life. With an ear for the unexpected, scholar and musician Jonathan '], [4, "Newly adapted for the Anglophone reader, this is an excellent translation of Hans-Thies Lehmann's groundbreaking study of the new theatre forms that have developed since the late 1960s, which has become a key reference point in international discussions of "], [5, 'Social media penetrate our lives: Facebook, YouTube, Twitter and many other platforms define daily habits of communication and creative production. This book studies the rise of social media, providing both a historical and a critical analysis of the emergence of major '], [6, "1. See Pingree and Gitelman (2003) for more on this perspective.“Identity crisis” is Altman's (2004) wording, while “transition” is the term favored at MIT and The MIT Press. See Uricchio (2003); Marvin (1988). 2. See Jameson (2003) for a discussion of this point. Jameson wants "], [7, 'In Two Bits, Christopher M. Kelty investigates the history and cultural significance of Free Software, revealing the people and practices that have transformed not only software but also music, film, science, and education. Free Software is a set of practices devoted to the '], [8, 'The Scriptorium was in turmoil. Brother Paul, the precentor in charge, had detected a murmur from the back row and, furious that the rule of silence was being compromised, strode down the aisle just in time to see Brother Jacob tuck something under his robe. When '], [9, "“The Exploit is that rare thing: a book with a clear grasp of how networks operate that also understands the political implications of this emerging form of power. It cuts through the nonsense about how'free'and'democratic'networks supposedly are, and it offers a rich "]]
[[0, 'In Two Bits, Christopher M. Kelty investigates the history and cultural significance of Free Software, revealing the people and practices that have transformed not only software but also music, film, science, and education. Free Software is a set of practices devoted to the '], [1, 'The internet has recently grown from a fringe cultural phenomenon to a significant site of cultural production and transformation. Internet Culture maps this new domain of language, politics and identity, locating it within the histories of communication and the public sphere. '], [2, 'The Cultural Study of Music is an anthology of new writings that serves as a basic textbook on music and culture. Increasingly, music is being studied as it relates to specific cultures--not only by ethnomusicologists, but by traditional musicologists as well. Drawing on writers '], [3, "On the eve of the 21st century there have been two innovative discussions about the general conditions of life: one concerns a possible “postmodern'culture and even society; the other concerns broad, massive changes in communications systems. Postmodern culture is often "], [4, 'This book is a critical introduction to code and software that develops an understanding of its social and philosophical implications in the digital age. Written specifically for people interested in the subject from a non-technical background, the book provides a lively and '], [5, 'In this new and timely cultural history of science fiction, Roger Luckhurst examines the genre from its origins in the late nineteenth century to its latest manifestations. The book introduces and explicates major works of science fiction literature by placing them in a series of '], [6, 'Metaphors of inscription and writing figure prominently in all levels of discourse in and about science. The description of nature as a book written in the language of mathematics has been a common trope since at least the time of Galileo, a metaphor supplemented in our '], [7, 'It almost goes without saying that the rise in popularity of television has killed the audience for “serious" literature. This is such a given that reading Fitzpatrick\'s challenge to this notion can be very disconcerting, as she traces the ways in which a small cadre of writers of" '], [8, 'Introduction &dquo;When you take a word in your mouth you must realize that you have not taken \na tool that can be thrown aside if it will not do the job, but you are fixed in a direction of thought \nthat comes from afar and stretches beyond you&dquo; (Hans-Georg Gadamer 1982,496). Our '], [9, "This exciting new title investigates the explosion of Shakespeare films during the 1990s and beyond. Linking fluctuating'Shakespeares' with the growth of a global marketplace, the dissolution of national borders and technological advances, this book produces a fresh "]]
[[0, 'In the age of global biotechnology, DNA can exist as biological material in a test tube, as a sequence in a computer database, and as economically valuable information in a patent. In The Global Genome, Eugene Thacker asks us to consider the relationship of these three '], [1, 'ABSTRACT In Aboriginal Northern Australia, request programs are a ubiquitous, marked format for Indigenous radio broadcasting. Emerging from the activist drive of Indigenous media producers, and often instrumentally geared toward connecting prison inmates with '], [2, 'Reveals the many roles and forms of sound in modernism. Drawing on a wealth of texts and thinkers, the book shows the distinctive nature of sonic cultures in modernity. Arguing that these cultures are not reducible to sound alone, the book further shows that these '], [3, 'This article treats the study of journalism networks as a research problem in itself. The origin of the piece lies in the unexpected range of connections that I noted in and across entries for serial titles and journalist entries while editing the DNCJ (Dictionary of Nineteenth-Century '], [4, 'What do our fantasies of the telephone have to do with our fantasies at the movies? This essay calls out the Classical Hollywood Telephone, the quiet object whose smooth transmission of narrative information bolsters generic closure, and installs in its place a '], [5, 'The role that technology plays in mediating our musical practices seems to have transfixed music studies. In recent years, countless books and articles have appeared about the history of instruments, about printing technologies and notation systems, about analogue and digital '], [6, 'Аннотация Вза и мо де йствия лю дей и тех но ло гий, но вей ших ме диа сис тем все боль ше про бле ма ти зи ру ют ся, из ме няя при выч ные мо ду сы влас ти и инстру мен таль нос ти и уси ли вая по треб ность в но вых онто ло ги чес ких из ме ре ни ях, чу '], [8, 'Abstract The study of media, culture and communication has undergone a theoretical and methodological turn towards “materiality.” The turn places emphasis on the physical forms and material channels of inscription and transmission, rather than the “disembodied” '], [9, 'Michelangelo Antonioni is usually extolled as a director essentially concerned with the visual image. However, Antonioni was as interested in the aural as he was in the visual aspect of his films, and this article addresses this neglected area of discussion by ']]
[[0, "This is the fourth report on mothers and babies in NSW to combine the annual reports of the NSW Midwives Data Collection (MDC), the Neonatal Intensive Care Units' Data Collection and the NSW Birth Defects Register. Information on causes of maternal deaths in NSW was "], [1, "As with television and computers before it, today's mobile technology challenges educators to respond and ensure their work is relevant to students. What's changed is that this portable, cross-contextual way of engaging with the world is driving a more proactive "], [2, '1) Physical proximity was always a precondition for organisms to initiate and maintain interactive relations. On the human level, this is reflected in racial, ethnic-linguistic and many other differences along geographical lines–as well as in the high salience of face-to-face '], [3, 'I would like to thank Roger Silverstone at the London School of Economics for involving me in much of the original research that went into this book and for making valuable suggestions about my original proposal. Work for Ben Anderson at British Telecom and later '], [4, "Cell phones are a pervasive new communication technology, especially among college students. This paper examines college students' cell phone usage from a behavioral and psychological perspective. Utilizing both qualitative (focus groups) and quantitative (survey) "], [5, 'Personal Mobilities provides a systematic study of personal movement focusing on the dimensions of space, individuals, societies and technologies. Kellerman examines a variety of personal mobilities, including air transportation, through several perspectives, examining '], [6, 'This article examines the widespread proposition that the mobile phone dissolves the boundaries that separate work and home, extending the reach of work. It analyses data derived from a purpose-designed survey to study social practices surrounding mobile phone '], [7, "In this paper we examine the spatial practices of mobile workers—how mobile workers manage their use of technology and place. Data from interviews with highly mobile workers and 'hot-deskers' are used to explore the reciprocal relationship between practice and place: "], [8, "The current study seeks to understand if there is a pattern between college students' mobile phone usage and their family members at home, and to what degree it affects their college life. Three focus group interviews were conducted on February 1, February 2, and February "], [9, 'Purpose–This paper aims to investigate the shifting boundaries between two experiential categories–home and work–for office workers. The boundaries are both spatial and temporal, and the paper seeks to analyse how certain kinds of mobile technology are being ']]
[[0, "In its first edition, Social Linguistics and Literacies was a major contribution to the emerging interdisciplinary field of sociocultural approaches to language and literacy, and was one of the founding texts of the 'New Literacy Studies'. This book serves as a classic introduction to "], [1, "Reassembling the Social is a fundamental challenge from one of the world's leading social theorists to how we understand society and the'social'. Bruno Latour's contention is that the word'social', as used by Social Scientists, has become laden with assumptions to the point "], [2, 'With the rise of science, we moderns believe, the world changed irrevocably, separating us forever from our primitive, premodern ancestors. But if we were to let go of this fond conviction, Bruno Latour asks, what would the world look like? His book, an anthropology of '], [3, "Discourse analysis considers how language, both spoken and written, enacts social and cultural perspectives and identities. Assuming no prior knowledge of linguistics, An Introduction to Discourse Analysis examines the field and presents James Paul Gee's "], [4, 'The first edition of this book profoundly challenged and divided students of philosophy, sociology, and the history of science when it was published in 1976. In this second edition, Bloor responds in a substantial new Afterword to the heated debates engendered by his '], [5, "This is an admirable book which can be recommended to students with confidence, and is likely also to become an indispensable source of reference for those researching fact construction'-Discourse & Society How is reality manufactured? The idea of social "], [6, 'The Body Multiple is an extraordinary ethnography of an ordinary disease. Drawing on fieldwork in a Dutch university hospital, Annemarie Mol looks at the day-to-day diagnosis and treatment of atherosclerosis. A patient information leaflet might describe atherosclerosis '], [7, "John Law argues that methods don't just describe social realities but are also involved in creating them. The implications of this argument are highly significant. If this is the case, methods are always political, and it raises the question of what kinds of social realities we "], [8, 'Sex, smoking, and social stratification are three very different social phenomena. And yet, argues sociologist Randall Collins, they and much else in our social lives are driven by a common force: interaction rituals. Interaction Ritual Chains is a major work of sociological '], [9, 'One of the world′ s leading social thinkers, Bourdieu′ s work has become increasingly influential throughout the social sciences and humanities. In this new book he embarks on a sociological analysis of science and its legitimacy. Bourdieu argues that that emergence of ']]
[[0, "This thirtieth anniversary edition of Sound and Sentiment makes Steven Feld's landmark, field-defining book available to a new generation of scholars and students. A sensory ethnography set in the rain forest of Papua New Guinea, among the Kaluli people of Bosavi, "], [1, 'Music, Sound and Space is the first collection to integrate research from musicology and sound studies on music and sound as they mediate everyday life. Music and sound exert an inescapable influence on the contemporary world, from the ubiquity of MP3 players to the '], [2, 'This article examines the theoretical, methodological, and practical possibilities of sound for qualitative research. Moving from an understanding that sounds are a form of vibrational affect, the author argues that sound can be articulated as resonance and knowledge in ways '], [3, 'In Alien Agency, Chris Salter tells three stories of art in the making. Salter examines three works in which the materials of art--the" stuff of the world"--behave and perform in ways beyond the creator\'s intent, becoming unknown, surprising, alien. Studying these works--all '], [4, 'This article began as an exploration of the ways in which sounds can be utilized to understand \nurban educational contexts. My interest in this intersection has manifest in a longitudinal interpretive \nstudy that examines how writing songs about academic content about science might help mitigate '], [5, 'Miriama Young explores the relationship between the human voice and recording technology, offering startling insights into the ways in which recording affects our understanding of the human voice, and more generally, the human body. She discusses a '], [6, 'Abstract If asked to identify the body part that is associated with listening, most people would point to their ears without hesitation. Despite the deeply entrenched association between the ears and the act of listening, however, sound is not experienced exclusively through a single '], [7, 'Sociologists have yet to theorize interactions with sonic materiality. In this article I introduce an analytical concept for the observation of interactions with sound. Sound has material effects in all situations. But the audibility of sonic objects is a relation of situated actors to '], [8, 'This book is a history of women, radio, and the gendered constructions of voice and sound in Buenos Aires, Argentina, and Montevideo, Uruguay. Through the stories of five women and one radio station, this study makes a substantial theoretical contribution to the study of '], [9, 'Using full-color visualizations of key concepts and data, Mara Prentiss interprets government reports, technology, and basic physical laws to advance a bold claim: wind and solar power alone could generate 100% of the US average energy demand, without lifestyle sacrifices. ']]
[[0, 'Background: Little is known on the adult outcome and longitudinal trajectory of childhood developmental language disorders (DLD) and on the prognostic predictors. Method: Seventeen men with a severe receptive DLD in childhood, reassessed in middle childhood '], [1, 'In total, 64% of the children were found to have scores on the Rutter behavioral questionnaire (M. Rutter, 1967) of 9 or above (clinical threshold); 34% scored over the threshold for the Strengths and Difficulties questionnaire (R. Goodman, 1997); and 39% '], [2, 'Abstract Language is drawn on extensively in friendships but has received scant attention in the developmental literature. This study compared friendship quality in 16-year-old adolescents with and without specific language impairment (SLI), testing the extent it is '], [3, 'Abstract It has long been claimed that Homo sapiens is the only species that has language, but only recently has it been recognized that humans also have an unusual pattern of growth and development. Social mammals have two stages of pre-adult development: infancy and '], [4, 'Abstract A large cohort of 242 children who had been attending infants language units at 7 years of age was followed up when the children were in their final year of primary school. Two hundred (83%) of the children were reassessed at 11 years of age on a wide battery of '], [5, 'Basic principles, methods and procedures for assessment and intervention of child language disorders. Language Measurement. Qualitative and quantitative approaches to the evaluation of linguistic proficiency will be explored. Topics will also include: '], [6, 'ABSTRACT: This study examined the perceived communicative competence, self-esteem, and vulnerability to bullying of 53 adolescents who stutter and 53 adolescents who do not stutter. Adolescents who stutter were at a significantly higher risk of experiencing bullying '], [7, 'Children with specific language impairment (SLI) have often been reported to have associated behavioral, emotional and social difficulties. Most previous studies involve observations at a single time point, or cross sectional designs, and longitudinal evidence of '], [8, 'In addressing an issue rarely explored in research literature, the prevalence and severity of the risk of being bullied at school was measured in 100 children with specific language impairment (SLI). Participants attended a range of different educational placement types and '], [9, 'This article provides a review of research into the social and emotional functioning of adolescents with specific language impairment (SLI). In particular, we focus on peer relations, peer friendships, bullying, emotional difficulties and psychiatric difficulties. As a ']]
[[0, 'With many new forms of digital media--including such popular social media as Facebook, Twitter, and Flickr--the people formerly known as the audience no longer only consume but also produce and even design media. Jonas Löwgren and Bo Reimer term this '], [1, 'This is a collaborative practice-based thesis by publication written across two disciplines: interaction design, and media and communication studies. Based on Threads–a Mobile Sewing Circle, a travelling exhibition in which participants are invited to embroider an SMS '], [2, 'Iris van der Tuin redirects the notion of generational logic in feminism away from its simplistic conception as conflict. Generational logic is said to problematize feminist theory and gender research as it follows a logic of divide and conquer between the old and the young and '], [3, 'First, I must thank my supervisor Anders Fagerjord and co-supervisor Geert Lovink for their support and helpful criticism. Anders has been an encouraging and positive advisor, whose calmness and pragmatic advice have helped me keep my feet on the ground. I am grateful '], [4, 'Abstract The advent of 3D printing technologies has generated new ways of representing and conceptualising health and illness, medical practice and the body. There are many social, cultural and political implications of 3D printing, but a critical sociology of 3D printing '], [5, 'This essay undertakes a materialist media analysis of the Korsakow interactive documentary software system. Through this it examines the ways in which programmatic functions address media in particular ways, and how these inform the specific types of interactive '], [6, "There is something unsettling, but also powerful, in the encounter with individual and collective experiences of human suffering. Intensive Media explores the discomfort and fascination initiated by instances of pain and suffering, their'aversive affects', as they trouble "], [7, 'Abstract: This article explores entanglements and frictions between labour advocates and their relationship to technologies in future of work narratives in the United States. Drawing on literature from science and technology studies and media studies, we argue that there is '], [8, 'During the 2013 National Communication Association Convention, I foolishly agreed to four presentations on topics as diverse as personal genomics, drones, zombies, and feminist approaches to new media. I was surprised at the theoretical and practical connections that '], [9, 'Communication and cultural studies are implicated in environmental matters. Unsustainable practices are relevant, contingent, contextual, articulated, public, banal, extraordinary, embodied, affective, global/local, material technocultural relations that hold life itself at stake. ']]
[[0, 'Digital media are rapidly changing the world in which we live. Global communications, mobile interfaces and Internet cultures are re-configuring our everyday lives and experiences. To understand these changes, a new theoretical imagination is needed, one '], [1, "Tourism has become increasingly 'exotic', a process made possible by low-cost charter tourism and cheaper air tickets. Faraway and evermore 'exotic'holidays are becoming widespread and within reach as destinations make their entry into the mass tourism market. "], [2, 'Digital Contagions is the first book to offer a comprehensive and critical analysis of the culture and history of the computer virus phenomenon. The book maps the anomalies of network culture from the angles of security concerns, the biopolitics of digital systems, and '], [3, 'This book explores the material and everyday intersections between popular culture and new media. Using a range of interdisciplinary resources the chapters open up various hidden dimensions, including objects and infrastructures, archives, algorithms, data play '], [4, '" An admirably clear-sighted and engaging analysis of contemporary forms of mediation, illuminating the dynamics of new media across social, political and cultural spheres... Eugenia Siapera provokes her reader to think afresh about familiar phenomena, to '], [5, 'Many people in the West or global North now live in a culture of 24/7 instant messaging, iPods and MP3s, streamed content, blogs, ubiquitous digital images and Facebook. But they are also surrounded by even more paper, books, telephone calls and material objects of one '], [6, "Following a short discussion of the German philosopher Friedrich A. Kittler's biographical and intellectual formation, this interview introduces the reader to Kittler's theoretical efforts to develop our understanding of contemporary culture and society. However, the focus of the "], [7, "ABSTRACT The great existential challenges facing the human species can be traced, in part, to the fact that we have underdeveloped discursive practices for thinking possible worlds 'out loud', performatively and materially, in the register of experience. That needs to "], [8, "A chapter on'German Media Theory'is an unusual choice for inclusion in a cultural studies book. What connections are there, if any? What makes German work on media more noteworthy than French, Japanese or American scholarship? 1 And why should we care? "], [9, 'The search for meaning is an essential human activity. It is not just about agreeing on some definitions about the world, objects, and people; it is an ethical process of opening up to find new possibilities. Langlois uses case studies of social media platforms (including Facebook, ']]
[[0, 'The Audible Past explores the cultural origins of sound reproduction. It describes a distinctive sound culture that gave birth to the sound recording and the transmission devices so ubiquitous in modern life. With an ear for the unexpected, scholar and musician Jonathan '], [1, '"... this is no doctrinaire tract but rather a concerted attempt to look at important cultural problems from a fresh perspective.... Chow\'s book is an excellent example of its type."--Discourse & Society" I believe that Rey Chow has written a powerful set of essays which '], [2, 'Representational technologies including photography, phonography, and the cinema have helped define modernity itself. Since the nineteenth century, these technologies have challenged our trust of sensory perception, given the ephemeral unprecedented parity with '], [3, 'Phonographies explores the numerous links and relays between twentieth-century black cultural production and sound technologies from the phonograph to the Walkman. Highlighting how black authors, filmmakers, and musicians have actively engaged with '], [4, 'Contemporary electronic music has splintered into numerous genres and subgenres, all of which share a concern with whether sound, in itself, bears meaning. Listening through the Noise considers how the experience of listening to electronic music constitutes a departure '], [5, 'How does popular music produce its subject? How does it produce us as subjects? More specifically, how does it do this through voice--through" giving voice"? And how should we understand this subject--" the people"--that it voices into existence? Is it singular or plural? '], [6, 'On Friday afternoon, 28 April 1916, a crowd of music lovers and curiosity seekers gathered at Carnegie Hall in New York. They came to hear a" tone test," a recital of music and musical" re-creations" sponsored by Thomas A. Edison Incorporated. The event, headlined" '], [7, 'Subcultural phenomena continue to draw attention from many areas of contemporary society, including the news media, the marketing and fashion industries, concerned parents, religious, and other citizen groups, as well as academia. Research into these phenomena '], [8, 'From the mid-twentieth century into the twenty-first, artists and musicians manipulated, cracked, and broke audio media technologies to produce novel sounds and performances. Artists and musicians, including John Cage, Nam June Paik, Yasunao Tone, and Oval, '], [9, "The vicissitudes of Adorno's reception in English-language cinema and media studies make a well-known and tedious saga. In its latest chapter, marked by the dissemination of British Cultural Studies in American academic institutions and publishing, the invocation of "]]
